Hello, hi. Okay. So, this week, we compared different workflows from different sources, like, we showed with each link on the porch.  Yep. We have... Yep.  Yeah, and with we, allocated with each one of us have three, our culture analyse in the same size together, to find this, we found that this agreement changes, depending on the placement of AI. Okay. And we try to synthesise these different workflows.  They are almost 10. And we mapped with 4 more typical combination. Yeah.  For example, like, uh, maybe this wise about AI have to read it, which means reader, well, read the image 1st and AI will engage with workflow. Yeah, and the same rate? Well, read the analyse from AI, and the result may influence these judgements.  Yep. So it's this workflow. And after reading, it's about decision, influence, and the reveal timing. issue.  And the 2nd one is AI as a 2nd reader. Okay. So it will be about a human discordance, a adjustation.  And in this workflow, this one refers to the source, like, uh, email about the existing adjudication may not match, then, aponomic, which means I might analyse the left part of the patient. Well, the rhythm might analyse the right part. So which means the analysing location difference.  So it might be a kind of disappointment. Yep. And this one from soda, the disagreement moment happens in arbitration.  Because, yeah, rhythm one cannot sing the AI. So, the reader, you can see the AI and rhythm ones, results, so the arbitration also helps the disagreement have women also happen in arbitration. Okay.  And by the 3rd one, I can as a safety net. Remember, it will be really one, AI, and then we 2, for example, if there's hybrids or something else, it'll be allocated to different people. For example, it might, if this one is about high risk, it might be allocated to the expert to make sure, so it's escalated up.  Yeah, yeah. Okay. And then the 4th one, 1st one is as a, she edge part, to analyse the, uh, risk or community school and, uh, okay, to allocate to different one.  And then 2 readers look at the same material, the same source, or the image across the AR. If AI give the low score to this image, we can show you... Okay.  Okay. Yeah. And, yeah, the AI as a trier, and it will, um, judge the cases, it's high mogolo weeks.  It is no weeks, so it will be raised by one litre. Yeah. and it is a hybrid, you will be... Red by two..  Okay. generate. Out of these models then, the question I have is which ones have been piloted? I mean, how did you discover all of these models?  Where did you find them? Different model from diplom manufacturer. Ah, okay.  Okay, cool. And like the 1st 3 one is from Ames. Yeah, like I see.  Yep. and the 3rd the 4th one is from EDITH. Right. It is another pilot and...  Okay, cool. Yeah. Yeah, I'm excellent. one is from Korea.  That's fine. And also from German and Australia, we also analysed this. Yeah.  What do you hope to identify in that kind of analysis? Um, because we want you, um, I think different world, but maybe they are, they will decide AI or draw into a different product. Different parts will result in a different consequence line.  Which one? Who can see the AI? Yes.  So we jump, we let down some different scenarios. Okay. So that I think, well, I think in maybe have some age cases.  Yep. But in that sense, is your aim to create your own model? Or is it to, I, the assumption was that it's the disagreement moment.  I feel more tipper one. Since I'm from different, yeah, by the one most representative, to show as a process. Yeah, that makes sense.  That's where I was trying to get to because I'm trying to understand you analyse the group, to create what's common, and then what's common, you get your disagreement moment and you apply it to that common model. Yeah? Yeah.  Yeah. Okay, cool. Cool, cool.  Yeah, well, we understand now is that we cannot just identify one standard. No, no. Yeah, just like show the architecture.  Yeah, like a universal model basically. I think that's okay. I think try that route, but it might be that you need to revert to a model that's in practice as well.  So it might. A decision there, which is the universal model shows the general workflow steps. But what you lose is the configured model that somebody's constructed that they're using as the their model, their process.  So be careful that you don't lose some of the specificity of those structures, that logic. in your universal mirror. So, for example, if you have, it would seem that 2 readers, that's the pattern, we need 2 readers, AI comes before at the same time or after. Right?  Therefore, the disagreement moment shifts at different stages. So again, The challenge is to make sure that your universal model works. It's the way of saying, in a similar logical way, because you've got 2 readers and AI placement somewhere in that process.  A disagreement happens at certain, so that's kind of what you need to know how. So what you need to demonstrate within your model is we have 2 readers that work this way, with AI working this way. which is an amalgamation of all of these models. And therefore, the disagreement moment is to do with arbitration, expert opinion, or our disagreement moment is between 2 readers when they're analysing the risk score from the AI or do you know what I mean?  So it needs to be practically applicable. You need to be able to make your model apply to what's actually happening, because otherwise your model, what I'm getting at is you've abstracted it into a universal, but it doesn't actually relate to what's actually happening in the practically. Does that make sense?  So just be careful that you don't create a false model. that doesn't exist. Does that make sense? Because it might be that you just hate the strongest model or the weakest model and fix the weakest model.  That's a strategic decision. that you need to make. Does that make sense? Don't you just need to choose your mind, what phone?  No, no, do the universal C, but don't lose. It's a question you're asking and trying to answer. Where does disagreement happen?  How do we fix it? Right? That's the question you're asking and trying to answer.  Then the next question is, which model do we apply that question to? Which does that make sense? Your choices is universal analysed model from all models.  Or the question is, do we try and fix the weakest model or an example model? That's the strategic choice. That's what I'm trying to just lay out for you.  That's your choices. Key question, when does disagreement happen? How do we fix it?  Which model? Universal or specific? That's your next strategic trace.  Does that make sense? So we stay on YouTube, first, to map the Universal War. Yeah, and see how it relates to the specific and see what changes based on trying to answer your question.  When does disagreement happen? How do we fix it? You think what this is?  Universal? Okay. I don't know.  That's what your analysis needs to bring out. The universe, these are patterns. They're logic patterns, right?  Two readers, AI before, two readers, AI same time. One reader, AI, 2nd reader expert. There your patterns.  They map back to your models that you've identified. So you've abstracted those into these are the patterns. Which one's more successful?  So I don't want to confuse you. I'm actually more confusing. Create your universal model.  Work out where this disagreement happened. Also, at the same time, look at a specific model and ask the same question. Can you draw like the?  Yeah, yeah, yeah. So... Universal model, right?  Into whatever that looks like. The coolest universe. This is made up of all your other models.  To make it general, right? It's a university journal. This is from May, this is more beans, mostly, right?  We're still asking the question. Where does the experiment happen? How to fix it?  Yeah, in this moment. This is a one. Two, choose a specific model.  It seems to be the dominant model in all of the models. Like which one seems to be the pattern that most people are going to? which might give you your AI, your single reader, your third, you know, 2nd reader, reader one, reader two, AI, decision, outcome, outcome model.  Save fresh. Yeah? Take this, you, again, where does disagreement?  Sorry, my brain is terrible. How to... fix it. Same question.  Then you compare and contra, you go, which one is gonna help us do our project? I'm really confused about it. I'm actually back to university, you know.  Well, you're amalgamating the patterns into a consolidated model. Yeah. Because at the moment, you've identified 4 different workplace.  So out of that, is there a universal workflow? That's what I thought you were trying to get to. Yeah.  So in that universal workflow, you're still asking and answering the question. Where does disagreement happen? How do we fix it?  Because that's your service proposition. You're using this as a vehicle to demonstrate this question and answer. within your service experience. That was strategic direction.  Other strategic direction is, You do the analysis of get through universal model, but actually you actually want to apply it to a dominant model that already exists. Because that's what you're fixing. Does that make sense?  This talks to all models and you demonstrate what the solution could be for any model. So therefore, the disagreement and solution to this agreement apply to any model, right? So therefore, all of these people be interested in your project because they're like, oh, you've sold the a problem.  Do you know what I mean? This one is a bit more tangible and concrete because it's actually using a model that exists, and therefore you're using that model to demonstrate how you fix the disagreement. Yeah, but then this one's a proxy, right?  It's an abstraction, it's a... the universal. But it's useful to allow you to show your thinking and solution. This one's a little bit more grounded and concrete because it's mapping to something that really exists.  Actual strategic choice. Does that make sense? I didn't want to confuse you.  So it wasn't one, to be the combination of three, maybe, of several types of, possibly you're gonna make, when you say universal, that's what it is. It's a standard workflow process. That's what I thought you were doing when you said you were going to create a universal workplace.  Or is that what you're doing? So if you're not doing that, what are you doing with these workplones? I think this is what we're trying to get our students..  Yeah, exactly. So I'm correct, right? All right, cool.  So what I've just said in the last 5 minutes is correct. Right, cool. So no confusion.  All I'm pointing out is you've got a strategic choice for your project, which is we go this route, and that's clear, that makes sense. But you need to reference the models that you've kind of looked down, like make that feel evidence based. Do you know what I mean?  Whereas this one, the evidence is in the model because the model exists. They're slightly different approaches to your project. That's why I'm saying this is a pretty good choice.  Like, this one is that the research trying to get into that. Yeah. Yeah.  Do you mean it's a little bit more grounded because it's real. This one is abstracted, so it's less real, but it's evident based, slightly different project. Right, is that what I'm saying?  Yeah. So I'm not telling you which one to do. I think you need to do the work and then work out.  Which one do you think is going to help you answer this question more effectively? Right? That's all, that's all I'm asking. is just think.  Don't discount this one because, uh, it applies to specific what you're fixing something. But if this one demonstrates where the failures are, and how you solve them, that's good enough. You know what I mean?  So this works, it doesn't not work. It works. This works, doesn't not work. works.  It's just you need to be very explicit about where the issue is and how you're fixing it. Whereas this one, it might be very clear whether the issue is. Yeah.  Because it's not working. Does that make sense? Yeah, I don't want to compute you.  Go down this route. See what comes out, you know what I mean? If you're stuck with identifying the problem, change to something that already exists and fixing that.  Okay? Factual fallback. This is your fullback?  Do this if this doesn't kind of work. But I think this is maybe the way to work, this is fine. My concern is that you lose the issue point, like the intervention point, because you've abstracted it from a bunch of different models as opposed to specific failure in workflow.  A is here. Specific failure in work pro 3 is here. Specific failure and workflow 2 is here.  Specific failure and work for we want is here. They're all in different places. Not that the disagreement doesn't happen.  They just happen at a different point in the process. Does that make sense? So you lose your specificity because you're generated in a universal model. where the disagreement happens at a certain point.  But the specificity of these workflows is they happen it. Ate specifically, because the models are kind of broken. Does make sense?  Yeah, sorry. I'm also really tired so if I'm not making sense, I apologise. Was that did you understand that?  Yeah. So do what you're doing. If it's not working, revert back to the choose a more dominant models and do the same thing, but use the dominant model.  Sorry. Keep going. So...  Also trying to, uh, come through all their, obviously, not stage based programme, right? Okay. Oh, my...  I would like to try to, like, some of my, is flight tonight, different flight. Okay. In terms of the uncertainty, ideologies, and she'll want a little confident.  Yeah. And stress, and frequency. So I think maybe in the universal model, the infant, this agreement moment, but the disagreement age cases is different.  Still, yeah, still the same. Yeah, yeah, yeah. This is, yeah.  Yeah, yeah, yeah. So we met, like, this one time. Yeah that's fine.  What's your approach to testing this or getting this in front of radiologist thing? So far. We haven't find a radiologist too.  Okay, but you didn't you contact the radiologist institution? Oh, one, one is Western. Yeah.  Okay. What about your expert who's already got a model and they're already doing stuff? We can...  I would. Because you need to validate this stuff. with your audience, by the readers, or the person that has got their programme running their pilot. you know what I mean? At least some form of validation.  So I think that's like, yeah. Yeah, you just need to validate it. So I would recruit those, think about recruiting those people within the time you've got left.  Do you know what? Sorry. in our mind to make sure the problem is... Yep.  I think we have been a lot, yeah. We need you in her room. Yep.  So, um, we are trying to, like, this is our problem statement, I think. Yeah Well, as the AI is something to, it says, ancient, brass, cancer, scream, and growth. Discipline, they create AI system, they all just introduce new forms of conservancy. condition has based on condition pressure, I think we also need to add like human betters and also solar to realise it.  And then we can... and accountability, see a challenge, a lot of currents in quality, uh, in quotations. And it, emulated, diagnostic performance, less attention, has been given to disagreement. Do you remember what John says when he said that you need to map out radiology and the system?  Have you done that? Yes, things. I think their units?  And then they go there, and then we have more. There is like a 16 man. But of radio, do you remember he was talking about like the NHS health and ecosystem?  Do you remember? You had a one-to-one with it, right? Am I imagining?  And the next Yeah, sure, but good job. Did you have a? Yeah.  You have a tutorial with John, and he said, you need to make sure you mapped the health system and radiology. Have you done that? I think that was last week, you told me that last week.  Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. that.  Why don't we miss you, like, your more research on biologist, treated as a female? Yep. So I'm just checking that you're doing what John said to do, right?  Okay. So, you know, this is not so basically we want to shoot. What do you want to do with this?  You want to edit it? Yeah, we want to narrow it down. about it. But I think the problem statement could be full. your how much we can be focussed.  How am I restructure, A? Are human disagreement? We don't breast, don't work clothes, support can of the transparent, consistent clinical the signal.  Yeah? How won't we support radios and screen services and navigate how we can dispress at the moment? They're increasingly certain, you know, a year.  Yeah, I mean, the 1st one is warm. Yeah, at least the start. They both work, but they're slightly different angles.  There's, you know what I mean? Which one do you feel is the strongest and the clearest? Yeah, so this is what we are.  Confused about. What's confusing? I think we.  Well, that's crazy. A lot of time, but they have any... many angle. Okay.  So we can design. Yeah, so your decision should be what we understand from research. What do we understand from radiologists?  What do we understand from the system and the model? Yes, I am. Which is where you get into.  How do we answer the disagreement question? How do we fix it? No, we do.  I think the 90s... Based on your ham, are we? How might we structure AI human disagreement handling?  Factual question. Within breast cancer screening, workflows, that's your context. to make it to support accountability, transparency, and consistent decision making. Okay.  The actual solution. Yeah? So...  You might have options around it. Yeah, but the process is kind of defined. Because it works within a structure, it has a model.  You're looking at the type of engagement, intervention, experience of that. Is it human only? So it's just you and I having a coffee and talking about it.  Is it us analysing anything? Is it the system? Supporting you and telling you things?  Is it a workshop where you're training radiologist to how to interpret images better so that disagreements get reduced? Is it a playbook that I look through? Is it a video that I watch?  Is it, do you know what I mean? Is it the AI companies giving you a presentation around how to read an image better? Do you know what I mean?  Like you've got to think about what your solution is. So it could be, feels practically like, because it has to be based on the model, how the model works, your disagreement needs to work within the context of the model. If you have your universal model, then it's working in the context universal model.  Your intervention solution is... With reader one and reading 2 and AI in this position, doing these things, disagreements happen here. This is the moment of intervention.  Therefore, we bring in a 3rd person or we bring in training. So this doesn't happen because you're being trained here before you get to decision making. Or materials happen where there's a constant reevaluation of relearning schedule.  So we map all the disagreements and then we have a shared disagreement work. that then gives core earnings and best practice and do you know what I mean? So that could be your model. So really you've got your parts, you just need to work out your strategies, your experience strategy.  Because the policy, could be software, could be education, could be compliant, could be testing, could be, do you know what I mean? So those are many opportunities, but some of them aren't appropriate. Because you're dealing with radiologists, and...  The skill set stays the same. But the subject matter changes. You know, oh, this breast is different, so this breast is different to this breast.  But they're all breasts. Well, x-ray. Yeah.  We're all getting images. all analysing images, rule then agreeing or what we see. Then that goes to doctor. Is your service, radiologist, and doctor, better communication?  Do you what I mean? Is it radiologist or radiologist, better communication? Is communication part of the disagreement?  Or is it what makes it accountable? What makes it transparent? What makes it consistent?  That's what you're trying to work through by answering your question. So accountability would be... The decision you made... was a consequence.  There's a series of actions that happen after that. That's accountability, right? Yeah.  Accountability. So you need to just break down what accountability is in the context of radiology and breastwind. We need to break down what transparency is, system visible.  Communication's clear, communication's logged, communication, uh, public. No private conversations. I don't know, I don't know what transparency is in that context.  So you need to like break down what transparencies, then consistency would be repeatable things that's consistent. So is it a set of behaviours? Is it a set of rules?  Is it a set of predictable? Steps. Oh, we've got a discrim.  Okay, we now need to do the disagreement protocol. Okay, that means we need to spend an hour and go through this workshop process, or we need to consult with this expert, or we need to get the doctor, you, me, and the AI, like whatever the disagreement mechanism is, like the negotiation mechanism. That's what we're... your service.  The mechanics of that could be face to face. It's me and video consultation. It's me doing a workshop, learning something new.  It's me sending it after lane, line, escalating it to the expert person. So what does the expert need to be able to decide and manage the disagreement? That's process, organisation, structure, and gates, mechanisms.  I hate you. I don't agree, that's rubbish. Okay.  Thanks. Let's go, let's go. Let's use the physic refund service, then.  You know what I mean? Like, when does it happen? Because it might be, people don't want it to go lazily green because suddenly they're accountable in a way that means that their job professional reputations, like this.  You know what I mean? So there's a risk factor, a reputation factor that sits within accountability. Yeah?  For transparency, there's a log in for the team, visibility issue. How do you show, share and agree? Right?  Because agreement is actually your outcome. We disagree with steps is your outcome. Because it's resolution is your final act.  There is a determination which is... Yes or no? Do you know what I mean?  Or maybe, which is red cases. Oh, this is a brand new thing. We never talk about.  Okay, that goes into disagreement bucket, but it's a learning app. which is we will review it and understand what are the factors that make this difficult, what the factors that make this ambiguous, or complicated, or rare. You know what I mean? You've got core use case.  Reader A, reader B, AI, disagreement, disagreement protocol. service. Then your H cases. Loop back in, learning, agreement, push back into the system.  Everybody's educated on the edge cases. We're still working with the majority of our use cases. That's your system.  Continuous learning, self learning. Humans, AIs. Yeah?  Does that make sense? It's more for you. Yeah.  We have to be about the ecosystem. Well, the processes. Yeah, based on your model, because your model is just a workflow, but the workflow sits within an organisation, right?  And there are dependencies in that organisation. Are you the authority? Doctor has more authority in radiologists, has more authority than nurses, more authority than whatever.  Hence why John was saying. We need to pay... the structure. You need to bank the wall, the organisation.  And then how a decision made. How it disagreements resolve. Yeah?  Then you've got compliance. Legal compliance? Medical professional components.  Do you know what I mean? Like software compare. Each one of those factor into what you're seeing and how you can trust it.  Also what you do, what you're liable for, right? i.e. you've got a bad judgement. You said no, but actually it is, and that woman. you know, went away and had, you know, got cancer, has cancer, but decides to sue you because you didn't catch it.  That's a risk and a liability within the system. So you need a regulatory lens. Organisation will then. and a process now.  Three lenses. Yeah? Processes, peoples, and to people, and AI, organisation, hierarchy, escalation, and decision making, like, structure, regulation, bounds, processes, to make them compliant.  Model service experience. It's a workbook. It's a video.  It's a training session. It's a learning capture mechanism. Makes sense?  Yeah. You need either. I didn't say.  It's got to make decisions around the office, like. Why the disagreement? intervention somewhere.  You need to give it context. Because the shape of the disagreement changes. depending on where you put it. The mechanics of disagreement are kind of the same.  You have your mental model, your skills, experience, and your analysis. I have my mental model, skills, experience, and analysis, but I also have higher authority. I'm the expert, you're not.  Do you know what I mean? You need to just map out those dynamics because they change the disagreement. mechanisms in the world. Probably just say, disagreement between peers, A, B, is really about evidence, data, and then experience, overriding, foundational, uh, record, against experience record.  You override it. We don't agree with the AI. It's this.  Right? The other model is here, senior. I need to go to you, tell you why I think this isn't my call.  And then you, superior tells you yes or no. That's a different type of disagreement. So here's your disagreement between readers, which are in reading to an AR.  Actual portal. So if you've got a 2 reader model that would generally be between reader and reader and a... That's the shape of the disagreement.  How you resolve it could be here and peer. or peer in authority by experts. Expert is your fullback. Override for any decision that gets made between 2 people. based on their experience and their analysis of the evidence.  So that's actually your... logic chain. It gives you an organisation around how that one will resolve. Still doesn't say what the mechanisms are, because it gives you an authority chain that's kind of accountable, experts account, people decision to do.  But also Xbox might be the person that said, yeah, that's a super interesting head case. Let's train everybody, right? You know what I mean?  They become a arbitrator. Right? There are no arbitrator with issues below them, and then how they distribute learning and best practice based on what's being done in the department.  Does that make sense? So it's still accountability, the transparency then comes in way because they're sharing out these moments of disagreement. It's a bit like when you call a service and they say, Thanks for calling.  We're recording you. From training and thinking purposes. So every time they get a shitty customer, they've got that recorded and they go, hey, everybody, let's listen to this path.  Like, weirdo. What would we do differently this time round? Do you know what I mean?  So it's like, how do you capture the disagreement? That's accountability and transparency. Yeah?  Is it ambient notes? Is it clicking things off a thing? Is it right on something that are writing?  Is it speaking into something? Is it none of that? Do you know what?  So when you break down accountability, you break down transparencies, suddenly these things start kicking into the processing of the building. because you need to answer the requirement of accountability. And you're defining what accountability means. Accountability in my job, accountability in the system, calculating the organisation.  It's accountability of those 3 levels. Do you remember what I was saying? Regulation, process.  So pack that out 1st then you can apply accountability to each level. What does it mean for the individual, for the process? Do you want to date?  Transparency, what you mean for the individual, the process, the organisation. Consistency, the individual, process, organisation. And then you've got matrix of stuff.  That might ensure what types. engagement, intervention, you go actually, Everything matters up to the organisation, has it learned and, you know, be consistent. But it starts with accountability in the individual. The transparency between the decision.  That's critical. Less design, yeah, this way. Does that make sense?  Yeah. Yeah. A lot to think about.  And then, yeah, we need to... structure it in parts. Structure the shape of the interaction, which is the kind of system. Structuring, the shape of the model.  Okay, what is it? Two readers, thing, blah, blah. Structure in the idea of what does accountability mean?  You, you're answering your how to leave. What does the transparency mean? What does the decision make come in?  What does it mean as a context of the system, the model process? Because that's the question or answer. based on where does disagreements happen? How do we fix it?  You can almost write the steps of what you need to define. But literary to playing bands, just so, you know, general structure and tech. What's the model process of people?  How does accountability work? Yeah, that's great. What we do with disagreement.  So it's it? That's what I would. No, you are.  You've got all the material. Just need to now make decisions. Yeah, which I'm trying to give you a road now. which is ask and answer those questions.  Understand the structural organisation process, understand the model and what you have to work with. And then ask and answer the question, where does this agreement happen? do we fix it?  Via accountability, transparency, consistency. Three falls. Yeah?  Yeah? Yeah? Cool.  No, no, if you get stuck again, just let me know. Send me an email. That's what I would step back.  You got loads of stuff to step back, just think about what we've got. You do need a organised, like you need a structure, you need a process, and you need a way in which accountability, transparency, and consistency work within that structure and process relating to these people with this model. That's it.  Yeah? Yeah. Thank you.  You welcome.