It's fine. I'm excited to hear where you at. Come on. Let's go. You can see it. I've just woken up, literally. Yeah. Anyways, how are you both doing? So how did, um, is progress and I'm kind of more concerned about where your plan is to get you to assessment and then how I help you with like rounds of feedback getting you into shape and feeling like you're supported for presentations and all of that stuff? Yeah, we have appropriate, our slice structure, and then we can update with our prototype, our 3 touchpoints, to you, so it can be. Okay. Yeah, share. I share our screen. Yeah. So I wanted to show you the, how we want to present in our presentation. Yeah. So. Okay, so zoom in on the cover, so. Radiology. Okay, cool. A lightweight service there for AI and human discreement in breast screening. Great. It might be that you need to add in the word cancer. So that. So like service layer for AI, human disagreement in breast cancer screening. Oh okay. Yeah, so helping breast screening team, because otherwise, if you don't, it's, Here's a question. That only, it's only to do with breast cancer, isn't it? It's not to do with breast gets scanned for other stuff. I'm not sure. Only brass cancer now. Yeah, so if I would use the word, I would definitely use that word then. Mm-hmm. Because it's kind of vital and it also lands the seriousness of what you're doing. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yes. I think so. Yeah. So an opening story. Yeah. We kind of like adding, um, chief, like a, like a video should held, uh, what is happening and what is, what's the difficult, uh, the radiologists are basing? Yeah, my, okay, so be careful that, so what you need to do is absolutely lay in context. So it's a bit like John said to you in that one-to-one tutorial. like, okay, well, how does, where does this thing fit? What do they do? Who is it? What's the like what's what are the parts? So make sure you land the context so that people aren't confused. You should know that it's breast cancer screening. So that's like the 1st clue, but it should be in the NHS, there are 27,000 screenings a year, there are X amounts of deaths, there are... Okay. Yeah, yeah, okay, cool. Cool. Because we want to like catch others attention. Yeah, that's fine. That's fine. So, I think also, yeah, be mindful of the balance of, um, data statistics and imagery and stuff, so you want to try and make sure that you've got imagery that helps you tell your story. Mm. As much as you got video, right? Yeah. Okay, this seems fine. So you go from intro, video about radiologists. Why is focussed on breast cancer screening, radiology, issues, AI support detection? Yeah, so I think the 2 things we need to land are, this is the scale of the operation, this is the thing that it is. And you also have to absolutely land the inflection point of AI as a technology. AI as a technology in the context of health, AI and the technology of context of health and what's changing. Oh, there are X amount of pilots, there are these challenges. So it's not that you're going to land on this screen, but what's the next screen? Yeah, it's traditional work. I think prior to that, you absolutely have to talk about the introduction of this new technology and what it's disrupting. Does that make sense? Yeah. Because otherwise, because that's there's 2 things you've got going on. You've got the seriousness of the process as it is and why it's fading. The addiction of a new technology and why that's exciting but also risky and dangerous. And then you've got the effect of that technology on that operation, on that, on that system, to need to be very clear that you land those 3 points because if you don't, they're like story beats. If you don't land those story beats, it's going to then make it harder for us to understand things like this. Oh, there's the traditional workflow. There's the AI workflow, then there's the thing and the thing and the thing, but you need to be able to land those 3 points 1st Because without that, I think you're missing the scope of the stuff that you're dealing with, which is complicated, but it's also super current. It's like now. Innovation's happening. AI is doing this, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. What does that mean? Well, it's trying, why are they, because the question will be, why are they applying it as breast screening in radiology and cancer treatment stuff? You need to answer that question, right? Because they want to be more efficient. They want it to be, do you know what I mean? The better diagnosis. They need these other things. This is the hope of that technology, but what you're actually pinpointing with your research is, it causes issues, complications, and consequences that need to be managed. Hence, then you start talking about your services as a solution that answers those issues. Does that make sense? To kind of, you kind of need to frame that problem space? And the problem spaces, radiology is a thing and how it operates and what doesn't work. AI as a thing, technology, and then the implications and consequences of AI as it applies to radiology, right? So you absolutely need to land that before you get to traditional workflows and other statistics. Does that make sense? So we need to add in the sentence lines. I think so. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Because otherwise you're skipping over something that you need to answer your why. Why does this matter, right? Because otherwise I can't, I can follow you on the thin slice of radiology. But the question of, well, why are they using? What's AI and why are they using it, right? You need to answer that. And then the, because without that, you can't qualify the issues that it brings. That's the piece that you're answering fundamentally, right? And the complication and the human in the loop part of that. So it allows you to start here and then narrow down into your problem space and then narrow down into your solution space. That's really what you're trying to structure in your story. Okay, cool. Yeah. I'm excited. You've got loads of work. It's really good. Just like help yourselves by telling that story correctly. Yeah, true. So in our stage, we want to compare, uh, different world, like the traditional one on the, uh, different world from 10 countries. Yeah. And we also like generate, um, we synthesise... Yeah, that's cool. I think these Yeah, these are really good, but be very clear that this, because if you didn't land, the fact that AI is in pilot across all of these countries and health services, this then doesn't make sense. Right? So that's why you have to have that framing of the AI piloting innovation in these countries, health services are at this inflection point of integration into normal operations, but it's It's complicated, everybody has different models and different types of concepts, thinking, strategy, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. If you don't say that up front, this becomes confusing. Okay? Okay, cool. So then AI workflow comparisons, different models. What is the takeaway from this slide? What is the main summary insight that you want people to understand? We won't. It's kind we want to, uh, like, because this 4 type of AI interview in their overall, but they all can, um, make a summary, like, a disagreement moment happens in 2 scenario, uh, what the reader wants, it will, uh, kind of the human and machine disagreement. And one is an arbitration. Yeah, it could be very careful then because that's your main, literally your main focus, so you need to be really explicit. Mm. where you've got, you've got 2 things that this slide's doing. It's showing you logic models of how the system operates and the rules of that system as it applies to the application of AI and the context of an individual health studies. From that, you need to extrapolate, which is what you've done, where this issue lies, but that's your critical point, right? So you really, really need to land back. Really, because it basically sets up everything else in your project. Do you understand? So this, so you need to be able to communicate not only the system and its operation and its effect, but you also need to communicate the challenge and the key insight that you found, which is the disagreement. Now we change their slide, uh, the system map, uh, go forward. I think maybe, I think you need another slide in between AI workflow comparison, which is just AI workflow, how it operates, and So you've got a simpler summary slide that then allows you to talk about the analysis across 10 different AI models. Does that make sense? So you introduce the idea of an AI workflow, human in the loop, machine to machine, the system, learning and how it operates? And then you say, so we're going to give you an overview of a general thing, is what it is, is what you need to know, is why this is important. And then in our analysis of these AI workflows across 10 countries, this is the insight, right? So that's really what you kind of need to do. Good. And the next step is, we want to show like a... Yeah, so this is the quote con stuff to be explicit about your research evidence and where it comes from and what you did in numbers as well as images and demonstrating evidence of like the interviews, the kind of surveys, everything that you've done. This is a really important slide. Because you did a lot. Just multiple go through it, what, math, boundaries, we need. That's fine, but also qualify with numbers. So we did 27 interviews, 2 hackathons, 7 things, 5 of these, 2 of those. Yeah. Because you can't argue with, with, it might be, there's 2 things that there's the quantity and breadth of the research, methods, types, and um, engagements that you had to understand and analyse the material, the subject matter experts and the kind of domain expertise, right? So those are the things that allow you to say, hey, we learned a lot and we learned it from people that know, right? As opposed to, we made it up and we just browsed internet websites. So it's really do about qualifying, uh, uh, depth and rigour of what you did so that it's beyond question that you've gotten, evidence based that you're making your decisions off of. Hmm. Is that cool? Yeah. Yeah. Um, shall we? Sure, like, uh, ping pong conclusion in this stages. You can do, but or you give yourself another slide and say, here's the summary and this is, so you've got, you can always do one, 2, or you can emerge them, right? That's just a choice of how you want to tell your story, but effectively, If this is all about what you did, then it's naturally going to go to, this is what we found, right? But if you combine both, then you're kind of having to do both things in the same slides. It might be that you just give yourself another slide to land the insights more specifically, right? So we did synthesis, we did affinity mapping. We did pattern recognition. We did, from this, we analysed and understood, and this is what came. This is what we then focussed on as our key insights that gave a strategic anchoring to then make decisions going forward. What are the insights? Were they fall into 3 different types, yeah? System, effect and operation, human to human, engagement and relationship dynamics, power, hierarchy, blah, blah, blah. So you just basically, Land, your insights, segment them via type, and then communicate what it means. Be careful that your insights are not observations, but they're actually, you've done the synthesis to then expose the, the key, uh, strategic point. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah, okay. It means, oh, we can show our, how we, um, do this research, dentral, this conclusion, I'll see the analysing. Yeah, 2 part. Yeah, this is what you do. Like logic. Yeah, this is what you did, then your insights one is just like land, the points make it powerful, like make it like, okay, out of what we understood. Most cases disagreement is the failure point. Right? any of these systems. If the system and disagreement fails. Um, misdiagnosed cancer in women goes up. So it's got consequences. Right? So just like lock the insight to the consequence so that it's very clear what you're addressing and why. Yeah? So AI is generated, it is generative and less deterministic, it has a failure rate of X and I mean, it's not trusted by people. Okay, that's one issue. The other issue of humans disagreeing and overriding and not catching actual positive readings that actually for women that do have cancer. Do you what I mean? Like just whatever the insights on, you just need to frame them in them. Not in a doom way, but like in a serious way. This is what we've understood and this is why we're addressing it. Cool. Yeah. Okay, keep going. Then we want to, like, show how the system work, um, before it is like. Yep. And then... Yep. Yep. Person there. Yep. And the journey, yeah. Yeah, yeah, that's fine. AI in Cuter journey, yeah. Yeah. On your slides, on your side, make sure. There's 2 things. Make sure your title is telling your story. So if you were not in the room, whoever's reading this understands what you're trying to tell them. Okay? So that's like one trick. So just make sure your titles are telling your story. So rather than journey breakdown. Do you know what I mean? Like make make your titles function as story beats so that when I look at this page, I understand what I'm looking at and also the visuals need to reinforce the story points. So what you need to do is make sure you highlight anything on that sheet, you want me to look at. Don't assume I'm going to read it. I just need to know what's important. So you need to highlight and emphasise if there's a critical moment like your 2 red moments or whatever or 2 green moments or if it's to do with a disagreement in reading and the kind of arbitration side of things. frame them so I know there are 2 moments, right? Because otherwise you're making me read your slides in a way that is I might not want to, right? So that's just a general rule of thumb. Make your titles do the work. Make it so that it's standalone. So if you're not there, people can understand what you actually talking about and then emphasise the thing that you want people to know and add notes or labels or instructions for the thing that you're emphasising, right? So, for example, in the system map, you need to highlight things that are needed to know around that system, in a journey map, you need to emphasise the pain point, or the transition, or the intervention moment or the stage. Does that make sense? So rather than having an acid diagram, You have an active diagram. Yeah. To understand what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, sure. All right. What do you think I need to highlight in there? You tell me what's important. Like, the radiology is... They do then. So, yeah, and then what? In the in the middle and the governance. What in this so this diagram is about its relationships, relationships, okay? It's almost like a state. It's almost like a stakeholder, class a system logic. at once, right? So you need to call out what's critical in this system. Yeah. That's really what you're highlighting. So the radiologist is, but it's the radiologist interaction to the AI product, radiologist interaction with the service layer, service operation, the kind of reading and outcome and actual breast cancer pathway in the context of specialists, experts in radiology. Like you need to call out what's important in this system. That's the point around having an active diagram as opposed to showing this and You kind of need a, you know, like a Mac, you have a legend, right? The legend is calling out how you read the image, right? Which is, oh, this stribe of divine means, you can't go there. This one means safety. Like you need to explain the diagram with words and labels so that I understand what I'm looking at. That's what I'm trying to communicate to you. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, keep going. And through this map, we want your life. Yeah, this is the point of that bridge of identifying in the journey, Matt, the key point, because then your problem statement makes sense, right? So really you're just kind of loading one up to then deliver them the other. Mm-hmm. Okay, how might we, so let me just read that. How might we help breast cancer screening teams to test? So I think you need to add radiologists in their specificity because that's actually who you're addressing. So I think you just need to tune that slightly, not teams, but like name, name roles. Yeah. That's the only thing I would change on that one. Okay? The last, we want to show how we were, oh, 3 layer, we want to design. Yeah, that's fine. Maybe you can draw some like viewpoint. Yeah, yeah, yeah. If we can you, we need to run through. We'll be running out of time. So I just need to like, okay, that's fine. Move on to the next line. Protype contesting, yeah, cool. And then how are you introducing your service? How I introduce my service. Um, In this layer, in this light. Okay. So I think what you need to do is kind of say, you get to a strategy and then you turn into proposition and you need to then talk through and explain your proposition. The service is called X, uh, these are the features. This is what it does. This is the service model. This is how it operates. This is how it integrates. This is how it generates. You need to be able to transition from the research moment, into the solution moment, and then the solution moment needs to explain the solution in the context of an experience so that people can understand how it's used, how it operates, what its features are, what's the value, what the challenges and kind of compromise stuff, how you tested it, what you validated, what the response to that testing and validation was, and what your next steps are going to be. That's really your back end of the presentation. So you just need to make sure that you pivot between research moment, strategy moment, solution moment, and the solution moment's clear that you're actually talking about your service and the design of the thing that you've done. Why, what, how, and who, right? So those are the kind of 4 things you answer within that context. Do you understand? Yeah. So, before the prototype, or we need to, uh, strategy pages, like, interview. You do say almost like a branding thing. So what is it? Like, what if you called it, if you called it like mind's eye, if you called it Disagreo? I have no idea what you've called it. I don't know. Like what's... Yeah, like radio, like... I don't know, like, you, you know, like I have, so you need to kind of give it a concept of a value proposition. So what is it? This is all about human human. thing, like you need to, yeah, you need to frame it in the context of a service, not necessarily frame it in the context of a prototype and user test. So it needs to have branding and messaging that's really about an explainer. Hi, we're going to introduce to you Radi X. Okay, so Radi X is this thing. It operates this way, it interfaces this thing. Radiologists benefit because of X. Doctors benefit because of whys. AI, systems and solution benefits because of Z, right? We tested a prototype. This is what we found based on these things. It does this, this is what we're going to change in the future. So you raise it, you load up the value prop, and then you give it into this is the concept and we tested it and this is the result. Oh. So keep going with your slice because we've got literally a couple of minutes, so just keep going. So development, system, that's fine. Service thing. That's fine. Just call out why it works. I think here it's really about the importance of the reinforcement loop, the learning loop component, right, within the system. There's 2 things. You've got human, human, human machine, machine machines. You need to really work through the structure and segment those 3 consequences of the system and make sure that you're highlighting how your service addresses those aspects of why it reinforces why it enables why it learns, right? You need to make sure. I think in this system map, it has showed how from their behaviour, like a service there, can include governance, learning, and governance there. Exactly that. Yes, so just use it to land your key points. So service blueprint's fine. So the back end of your strategies are fine. I just think you need to work harder to basically frame and sell your concept. Yeah. Okay, blueprint into, so again, call out the key things on the blueprint, next screen. Yeah, fine. And then video. Show a video how... Now I understand. Okay, so you take it, you're doing it further down, you're showing your prototype as a thing, the product detail. Yeah, so you got it. Okay, sorry. So ignore what I said before because I thought when you were showing you a prototype. That was the moment. It kind of feels like that's the moment you kind of need to show your product and then you flip it into this is what we've done. So it might be to do with your placement and structure of those parts of the story might need to be that you introduce it earlier and then go into detail. Does that make sense? So just think about the structure. Yeah. All right. And we'll show you the our product. That's fine. We do that. So send me everything you want feedback on as we go. When's, do you know, have you been given a date schedule for your assessment? About hours nine. No, the date, like when, because there's series of days. Have you been given a when's your assessment? 8 or 29? I need to make sure. We haven't concluded. Yeah, this is what I'm saying, so we need to work out. It the 28th, then you go a day less, if it's the 29th. But we need to. I'm waiting on a schedule because I haven't got the schedule yet, so. Um, You've got time, you've got all the content. 29 AM. You've got the 29th. I think it's Chinese. Yeah, okay. Is is Sunday. Yeah, exactly. So, I need to check because I want to also sequence another tutorial before then. Do you know what I mean? Where we go into detail and we edit stuff and we just make sure that you're happy with everything you've done. Okay? Yeah. Okay. Let me know. I think you've got all the content. It's really about communicating the power and the, Just the rigour you've gone through and the quality of the work. So that's really what you need to communi- needs to come through really strongly because you've done a lot of good, really, really good work. So you just need to make sure that that's coming through and make sure that the seriousness of the challenge is really clear as well, right? Because, um, again, I think those 2 things help you tell a better story. Yeah, okay, can you give us like 5 minutes, just like quickly, walk through the design part. Um, we also have some question. Want to figure out? your 10 minutes over right now for the tutorial. So... I can't, I can't give you the 5 minute, if I give you the 5, I, yeah. Do it now, quick, then, come on. Turn this quick. We're asking. Okay. Yeah, I'd already given you 10 extra minutes. Like is the first first part of all part time is #Ah reading screen like #ah I' M I' M a right artist. Yeah, just click through the state changes and then we go from there. Yeah, then so the meat is a traditional way and then I need to sort of submit. And then now the disagreement is detected. Then our support is here, is our like plugging, the support layer, there'll be information. That's fun. Yeah. And then we can... So all just can choose to for some action button and like hand over. It will be a result of this, uh, yeah, and it will be hand over to the objection part. It's fine. So there's 2 things there. There's 2 things. So I think the interaction model works, the train overlay, the pattern works. I think your rag system works, so be clear about the rag colour and mapping rag colour, the status and severity. So just be really clear about that. Yeah, yeah. Actually, I'll check the Weezer. existing. Like this work space, it's used right for the diagnosis. Because basically it's information designed, but it's colour mapping to specific status, so you need to be really clear about that, right? So the neutral blue buttons work. I think if you're For example, if you've got an amber state and amber maps to the card, which is the disagreement detected, then yeah, just make sure that those things are really clear. It looks like it is. So when I scan across the screen, I see amber, amber, amber, red. Then I need to understand where the red relates to the interface and where the amber relates to the interface, right? That's the only thing you need to make sure you check. Yeah, imagine. Okay, and then we, well, went to the arbitration part and the, yeah, link down will. Share, share. Oh. Nutrition, detail, case detail. Be very careful, be careful and explicit about those surfaces and what the context of use of those surfaces are. So, The screening arbitration one is in the reading moment and it's a surface that's an operational surface within the radiology department is literally an interface that they're going to be using. This is an arbitration interface that is probably on a device, a laptop or a tablet or whatever it is. Do you know what I mean? So be very clear about the context.