Okay. Yeah, theology. Yeah, human disappointment. Yeah. And it's recall concept, I can't, I can't do it, see, I can't call her parents, consistent. Okay. And it is a cover of what we can show in that day. Yep. And like, can I introduce one to one or just? No, that's fine. I can see that a good one. And then the 1st part, context, here's all the story, to, uh, here is a gradologist, to review the 80s scattered a day, and, uh, is number 81, the system, dissipations are, so, and there's no protocol for this woman. I think that's fine. rather than she, his interview, like name her. Like, who is she? Like, who's the radiologist at X Hospital? She processes over 80 scans a day, blah, blah, blah. So give it a bit more concrete concreteness. Yeah, so the video is fine. It's more a case of make sure the storytelling feels more real, right? So more context, more real. Okay. And then have to, um, the data and our sciences, or like we can go to ministers, not enough readers, and tap in, like the data shows, and okay, what's next? That's one. Yeah, okay, so go back. I think you need a... radiology and NHS cancer screening, how many screenings per year, not just AI first. I think there needs to be another slide here. in this slide. It's a little bit more NHS hospital. like set up the kind of healthcare system, slide, not just radiology in. Do you remember answering John's question like, okay, what is the NHS? What's radiology, how does it work? Right? I mean, that's your opportunity to do it here. Yeah. I mean, if you bought it in this page. Say that again? I mean, we can put what you're said on this page. Yeah, to make it do 2 shorts. So because otherwise you're You come a level down, but you've not explained the over context of health cancer screening, UK, NHS, public, private, like what's the space that this operates in, then you can get to this. So it feels like there's just kind of maybe a slide before, which is like NHS cancer screening, UK. Yeah, the kind of context. Yeah. I think that's what's missing. Okay Okay. Yeah. And then because AI is entering the living room, like we jump from the report of the literature, I show in the screen, yet the promise might be a very good, but the reality is it's not made the expectation of what it should be. Yep. And then there might be a concept of gap for the... I think here as well, you need to say that there are X amount of pilots. Do you know what I mean? qualify it in terms of what's happening, as much as AI is in the system. It's like, okay, there are 22 pilots across X amounts of possible rules, so you just qualify it, yeah? And there's no active services in the UK, but there are active pilots in Germany and blah, blah, blah, in Europe, for example. So, I mean, it may be better to change the structure or just the outside information to... Yeah, because you've gone, you've gone narrow and then narrow. But what you need is context. What's happening? Radiology, cancer, NHS, services, and then AI, pilots, these countries, these places, these things. You can make each slide do both, but you just need to be clear about what you're saying, and you need the context because you're at risk of narrowing too early, and then I'm confused, right? So AI in the reading room is, okay, what's happening? So you just need to like qualify what's happening first. Yep. Yeah, cool. It has to do it on this such hard. Yeah, really strong. Yeah, really strong. With all of the embers. This only lands if you have the other stuff. Does that make sense? Without that context, this lands, but it's not connected to those 2 things. Okay, what's happening and what's AI in this context? Yeah. Yeah, and I'll, of course, it is from, people trust the AI to under what conditions can air be trusted. Yeah, and change it back to your tongue. Yep. Okay. It comes to our research of the existing kind of actually that. Do you understand why you cascade down from big picture context happening to this? These then make more sense because you've already qualified that these are pilots happening in different places and how radiology works in the NHS, right? Yeah, cool. Yeah. Yeah. No, this is fine, but your other stuff. Big picture. Yeah, big picture before. Because otherwise this is confusing. But with that stuff, it's not confusing. It just makes sense because you understand why this has happened and now why this is what you've looked at, right? Yep, you know, these 9 existing patterns, they are before, yep, on common, and then we try to now, now we, which studies are we, which are we focus? Yeah, like, here, it shows... So I would even say in your radiology summary, almost like a systems you have had is radio. I'm a patient, I come here, I do this, I do this, because otherwise you're mapping your gaps in AI and models against what, what journey? Like what experience? Yeah, the standard practice thing need to qualify the standard practice 1st before you then go into this because otherwise this doesn't relate back to the standard practice. Do you understand? Yeah. Okay, so just a little restructuring in your up front. will help all of this land better, right? And become more easy to understand. Yeah. And there's also, there were more shoes. Now, what's highlights, blind, we focus on, here, different, uh, is the green one. Yeah, exactly. None of this makes sense. If you don't qualify the standard practice, why disagreement happens then anyway. Because you kind of have a system as it is, standard radiology, yeah. then you go, oh, system changing AI, and then system issues with standard practice, AI, and now this is what happens. So disagreement happens in standard system. Disagreement happens in AI, enhanced system, but AI is supposed to fix, identification, diagnostic, and decision making, but there are still issues. Because if you don't feel that argument, none of this makes sense. So you need to build the argument around what's happening now, oh, disagreements still happen. AI solving a bunch of things, but disagreement still happens, so it's not solving that. Okay, now we can talk about where this works and why our solution works as well. You have to build that A, B, C, R, right? Yeah, right? That all comes from big picture, smaller picture, disagreement, disagreement, AI, us doing model analysis. Now we understand why you're looking at disagreement within an AI context because it's the future of the standard service as it evolves in the context of radiology, right? That's that is what you have to explain, right? Otherwise, you risk confusing food. Right? Because you've got complicated, more complicated, even more complicated. What you need to do is set context, simplify, structure, expand, yeah? Sorry, put this system up or forward. Yeah. Yeah, this helps you explain what's happening, right? You've gone too early into the AI and what you need to do is spend a couple of slides just setting up everything, right? Yeah. Yeah, so this is that's fine afterwards. Just restructure your upfront. Okay, 2 state buildings, one state. Yeah, one joke. This Jalard, detailed version, and this Washington, well, will be focussed on in the plantation, as it can be simplified and easily to be focussed. is this where you put things? This totally makes sense, won't you land in the context and what's happening? All of this then makes sense because it's your research that you're driving towards, what happens within a disagreement, I mean. Do you know what I mean? So yeah, stand, yeah. I'm not going to say it again. Just fix the things you need to fix, right? Okay. Yep. then it's fine. What comes next? From diagnostic accuracy, disagreement support, yeah. So it comes to our whole male we part with the after the promised statement. Yep. So we need to be very specific in this page. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, because you've identified something that's broken and also something that's currently in flight that's broken. So there's 2 things you're trying to fit. How does AI integrate within the standard process, but also then what's the difference of AI in that standard process? It's still just agreement, which is basically a human problem. And the software is not fixing it, right? So, okay, yeah. And comes to the theory of change. Yep. If, uh, something in a van, and so that, like, should I read this? Rust can swing in teams, if breast can spring can have a likewise, a layer that surface, a human discipline that we stop the cues, structure, view, and the chessboard decision records. Then, galiologists can reveal disagreement through human life arbitration without adding heavy cognitive burden to an already time pressured bookflow. Yeah, so, yeah, this is fine. All this gets fixed if you fix the upfront. All of this stuff gets fixed if you fix the upfront context into structure. Okay. So you're curious about... How is the tomato space for many content on this? And shall we? Three, all of them, round, representing. Or you just call out the highlights, right? Highlights, though. Yeah, theory of change for where you've got to, then how might we might not need a problem statement? Yes, you just focus on the how might we? Yeah? Okay. tape. One thing, so that's going to cost institutional limit, and that's... Okay, then. So we go from solution. Yeah, value proposition. Okay. Research. What are you using this slide to explain? Yeah, I think when you try to come through all the... Okay, yeah.. And that's fine. stay down on this slide, right? Should just add one, take, take away or something. Yeah, you need some kind of like bullet points of like, okay, inside synthesis and opportunity generation, you know, value identifying the value product for, which is something that, again, makes it easier to read and understand. I wouldn't. So I wouldn't do this. So, got it. Yeah. because it makes it hard to read. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, the ability, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So we just say one person, just put it, put it here. Or shrink that slightly and made bullet points. Yeah, but for all Yeah. Next time? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, so much for you later, service. And the personal, that's also the cats, some disappointed places, to the arbitrator, suppose. Yeah. Yeah, this is this is fine. Okay. Yeah. So what comes next? So, the system, it was still the machine, uh, machine, and human humans. Yeah As a story experience or... I'm like, I'll kind of, like, the way introduce our best filings, how they work in the system. Yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Not a video showing the bookload of all proton, yeah. Okay. Yeah, technology. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I think that's fine. So you go from strategy, yep. The video explain another video prototype, showing the prototype. Then what comes next? Okay. Okay. So, so... cool. But free as symmetry. Okay, stop. Right. So, uh, this video is not finished, as we have two more parts, all protribe. Yeah. Like, I can show you some... Okay, so where are you now? So, are you? Yes, so what's the back end of the? going to show the arbitration pause. Okay. In the video, maybe when they show like a brand new website, and you can... Yeah, and... You're about... We go back. We don't need to see that. That's part of if you've got the content with what's next. So how are you Oh, what's next? Yeah, what do you go from? It's a part of our money. Yes, learning a little bit in the hospital. Yeah. As a touch point, that's fine. Yeah. Yeah. So, we'll highlight the Central Park, yeah. The next. Yeah, exactly that. And what we learned from this... In last Friday, we also have another prototype test with another technical students. kind of information. The 1st one is as terrible, but we want to ensure what you're a clinical child. Yes. And the 2nd one is, makes our information, how is it clear? Yeah, yeah. The name is... It's still a repeat. They don't need for extra steps for us. So because your design should be simple. Yeah, that's kind of important. No, no, just the... The final page. Okay. Yeah, what we learned this time. Yeah, that's fine. Okay. So I think your main challenge is... It's the content setup. It's really critical. Health system, radiology, cancer screening, into radiology journey, as is AI introduction, new innovation, pilot, pilot, blah blah, blah, into then into research, all the things you did with people, into insights, into, uh, strategy, into radiology, introducing radiology. I think, yeah, you need to work harder on making the 1st 3 or 4 slides really explicit and then sequence the other slides that make sense in that context. Might we have some more medical imagery, more kind of scanning, like radiology room, hospital, just make it grounded in a little bit more health kind of visual imagery. Do you know what I mean? They'll help. And then be really clear about AI or AI is doing what's happening and then how you've mapped that to this kind of cool journey and what change the experience. So your key insight is disagreement happens, right? And then from that, all these other things make sense because it's really new working. Probably for the systems diagram, I'd have the human machine, machine, human matrix 1st because you're explaining what you're solving and then you're presenting the system as it works in general. But that system view needs to connect back to the health system radiology context, right? So people understand that it's operating within a hospital. Is it a trust hospital or is it a rollout? Is it a pilot? Is it a thing? Like what's your proposition? Right? It's a layer that adds in on a blah, blah, blah, but you would, how would you test this where we would work with this hospital, these people doing this thing, this AI business? So we'd look at options around how you practically execute the thing that you're doing and I think that's what needs to come out at the end is like, what do you want to do with this thing? Okay, you're gonna present it back to your expert or are you gonna work with an AI company or are you gonna like, what are you gonna do with them, right? I think that's the thing that happens later on, right? My name is... Yeah, I would. No, no, more like a roseman, right? It's like, how would you pilot that road? How would you ground this in execution? Because it's meaningful. Or are you going to show it to like health board or a health organisation or a private, you know, radiologist firm or like what are you going to do? Where's this going? What was going to do with that? Yeah, like where would you, we want to continue the research or we want to partner with this person or like we want to turn this into a starter? I don't know. Do you know what I mean? Like, stuff like that. But my main concern is clarity of context. And then from the clarity of context, the kind of clarity of what you've done and why, and then the outcome. I think that's what you need to focus on. Because you've got all the content. And a little bit more imagery around health and, you know, radiology and stuff like that. Yeah, so your biggest issue is the upfront. Yeah. You've gone too quickly into AI without setting up the context. And also make more of your research because you've spoken to real, real experts. Yeah, who are working on live things and you spoke to your radiologists and things like that, which is hard to do. So you need to maximise that in what you say so that it isn't like you've made it up. It's grounded in actual opinion. Because you've done loads of work. It's really good, right? Just you just need to maximise other people understanding how much work you've actually done and how much thinking you've done, how much engagement, how much research. And that will... you'll penalise yourselves if you don't structure and clarify that context explicitly. I don't think like you're getting responses from Julia or other people like, well, this is complicated. like, yeah, but we've explained it really clearly. Yeah? So you need to almost have a like a narration over the top. So today we're going to talk about these things. When we talk about AIs, AI in the context of live pilots that are in the NHS, it isn't or it's about radiology and society, you always have to like reinforce what you're saying by saying it and then showing it. Does that make sense? I think that will help you then. Because otherwise, if people don't know nothing about AR anyway. How does this work? Well, they don't need to think they're totally outlaws. AI is rolling radiology, is identifying image anomalies in scanning and then does this. Okay, cool. The pilots, they're not active. They're trialling out different models and understand how the AI system works in current radiology workplace. Okay. Currently, that research is only in 7 hospitals. There's no live things. The only live one is in Germany. Okay, cool. Right, next. Radiology in the AHS does this, this, this, and this. It's manned by 3 people with a manager with this technology with these readers and instruments. It has 100 people a day, and that ranges from stage called cancer to like benign nothing. Like how many women go through? What's the process? Oh, if I'm a woman and I'm having a mammogram, where am I in that experience? I would have my 1st scan. Oh, this is my 2nd scan. Most people have 3 scans. I don't know. So make sure you explain what you've learned really simple to people that you think have no idea, right? What's the NHS? Literally, that level of the NHS is an English national health service, right? radiology sees 2000000 people a year, like, do you know what I mean? It costs 4000000000 and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Just like have really clean, factual stuff, and then I think you'll be fine. As long as you say it, you can show it, then you find it because you've got all the content, you've done a great project. It's just don't fall over on the last communication of it because you know everything. I know some things, the people that you're going to present to on Monday know nothing. So yeah, don't rush to get to your solution, spend time setting up what it is and riot how it works so that you can then explain your solution. The problem with AI is can't be trusted. Problem with AI is people disagree. Robbing with blah, blah, blah. Like, to be really clear. Does that make sense? Mm-hmm. Seriously, is you must go in Florida at the moment? No. It's your communication, and it's really, really important. You've got a solution. Okay, do the road back. Where do we want to take it? Right, missing. But the journey structure, the system structure, the view of health, radiology, AI, what's happening, the context is missing. And I'll get back to your biggest issue. right? So worry less about the soul. If you've got cases in that, throw that into a web screen, mock up, and just have an edge, and they explain it or a video, explain it. Finish your videos, focus on the context. Because if you lose people at the beginning, you're going to suffer all the way through and then the feedback you get was, it wasn't clear, I didn't understand, or what did you say, or, how does it work? Do you what I mean? Yeah, and John was giving a very clear steer in that 1st tutorial with him is you need to explain how it works, right? Because then I think you've got all of the confidence. And then it's really about what you say against what you show. And the biggest issue in the insight is, is disagreement. Do you know what I mean? Is the challenge in the solution, which is what you proposed? Do you know what I mean? White weight, insurative. Easy, do you know what I mean? Like all these things that fit into the design requirements that you were given because you searched it with real people telling you real requirements. Big fat tip. My concern is the context. Um... It's 2nd language, 2nd... Jeremy? So... I will help you structure that with clarity, make sure you've got the content. Put this together. I think you're you're 80% there, right? Just got to fix the proper piece and then sort out the back end. A few more images. And then I think if you send it to me Sunday, lunchtime or something, give yourself time, then you can do a revision, and then just practice what you're saying. You know, yeah? It's good, it's really solid. Things like this. Do you mean, like, make more of the images? I think just like, don't be so tight on the content. We got a lot of copy. Just blow it, like make the ratio, the images do more work. So it's slightly visually, a little bit more engaging, right? If you think about the design. So if you go back to your other slides, Yeah, these like, these are so small. I would make those. And then just have stuff underneath with, you know what I mean? Because these are really helped. They like they land it, they land the fact you're talking to real people. And then further up, I think I've got to make more of... Like this, just make this work harder, right? It's a journey. She's really on it. She looks at 80 scans a day, right? She's stupid stressed. Lots of work, life critical decisions. you know what I mean? What's the issue? The challenge is when she can't work out what she, like the decision she needs to make, right? Whatever your setup is, make that work better, right? And then before that, Yeah. Yeah, this is fine, like more healthy, healthy women, hospital, spacey type images, right? And have them throughout. So it's always landing the context of radiology, screening, and like breast cancer and like mamegrants and things like that, right? Because I think that will make it rich, right? Imagine if you ever see all that. And you don't need to say anything because the image is doing all of the storytelling. Does that make sense? Yeah. So have that front. You're a star with that. Even just like a radiologist room with somebody, obviously not showing their breath, but like having a scan or in the middle of a scan or doing something, is like just have that up front. Yeah. So, we're focussed on the AHS, we're obviously public, private staff, but this is the one wide day-to-day stated, today, today. We get, you know, today we're going to talk about health system, radiology, and all that means and context that, um, breast cancer and screening. But also this innovation from AI is kind of, So we need to talk about the NHS, but most of the fact AI, the disruption of AI in the context of health. Okay, cool, we've already told me now what I'm going to listen for. Oh, I'm going to learn about the NHS and radiology and breast cancer. It's reading. And AI is this disruption. Cool. Press cat, spring aid radiology. Okay, I know now you're going to go back AR because it's already turning up front. that's the way that you do it is just be explicit. Yeah, this is about... This is all about breast cancer, breast cancer screening, saving man's lungs. Say that from that. Super critical and really powerful, though. It makes me go, oh, my God. Okay, cool. But to tell that story, we need to tell these things. But the outcome really is saving lives. That's the whole thing. of your project. Yeah? Better results. improved pathways, less written dying. That's the fundamental thing that you're doing. So you can say that. The stakes are high. This stuff has to work. Yeah? So you can emotionally, it's like, poof, hook. Okay, I'm here, explain it to me. Yeah? Do you know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. So, don't need to dry. But in the context of everything else. Does that make sense? Hence why, good image. saying today, you know, this is our project, I think it's a really bad place. It's like saving lives. Yeah. And then we're going to explain all these other things around how you get. I think that's a really good opening. Yeah, so Sunday, just send me the PDF. Or, yeah, just don't load me up with loads and loads of content. Yeah, you can send me stuff you want feedback on. I'm going to look at structure and context, right? And then that's the number one because you need to fix that 1st and then everything else is reads to do with... copyright. Yeah. It's like, okay, change that word, do this, do that. So if your structure's not working, that's the thing you really need to think. Yeah. Any questions? I think you've got all the assets, all the content. It's really about you editing into a more explicit structure to help people follow along. Yeah? The design's fine. Oh, that's fine. Yeah. Yeah. It's all right. I've never been for breast scale. Right? obviously. So you need to show me what that looks like. Yeah. Yeah. What do the radiologists do, man? They wear a gown, are they masked up? Are they like wearing laser goggles? I've got no idea. So, like, again, like, to show context of who you're looking at and how they work. Yeah? No. Because... Yeah. Right. You're nearly there. I think you're about 80% now. You gave them some, but it's fine. Worst case scenario, spend less on your videos, more in game, the static structure and communication of each slide right, and then get your videos fixed. Because if you have to remove video, that's okay. You can just put another slide back in with contending, you would say. So if you're spending all your time on your videos, then the structure's wrong, you run out of time. You got 2 problems rather than one problem. Prioritise the structure and context and communication first, right? Um, if that's fixed, everything else is easy. Yeah. Cool. Thank you. They're my friend, also, here too, this place. Yeah, I'm super happy. My wife has, we generally have like Japanese, we've been to Japan like 5 times, we tend to get a... We've got loads of those fans. She's a big fan of the fan. Oh really? fan or fan. Yeah, yeah. I was thinking, oh, nice. It's my wedding annab, not that I'm going to use your fan, but I need to like get my wife a present. It's an interesting one. All right, cool. I'm excited. I think you're gonna be doing really well. So just, like, for the effort. Yeah, thank you, helpful, thank you. You gonna show the screen?