Uh waiting for no you both stay all right you yeah one okay, cool, cool so I.
等着，不，你们俩都呆着，好吧，你，好吧，好吧，我。
 
Good to you. I know you've got your hackathon today, so explain to me what that is? So the, um, just so I understand, uhest.
你好。我知道你们今天有编程马拉松活动，给我解释一下那是什么？那么，嗯，就是为了让我明白，呃嘿斯特。 
 
Text is about the healthcare, healthcare care topic and we can that will might be like foreign to talk about how to help the maybe the vulnerable people and we can show our, show our ideas, they will tell us something close.
文本是关于医疗保健这一话题的，我们可以探讨如何帮助那些可能较为脆弱的人群，这或许对我们来说有些陌生。我们可以分享我们的想法，他们也会告诉我们一些相近的信息。 
 
And we can show our ideas yeah cool, well done. That's a good idea. I think it is it's benefit for our project because both healthcare and yeah, it's supported supported by the NHS and another system I think can help us to connect with people inhs so.
我们可以展示我们的想法很好，做得好。这是个好主意。我认为这对我们的项目有好处，因为医疗保健，是的，它得到了英国国家医疗服务体系和另一个系统的支持，我认为这可以帮助我们与人们建立联系。
 
Yeah, yeah you know what? That's smart so well done hopefully it goes well for you. Yeah we need to catch every opportunity yeah this is true. So where are you at since last week.
是啊，是啊，你知道吗？这很明智，干得好，希望你一切顺利。没错，我们得抓住每一个机会，没错，这是真的。那么自上周以来你情况如何？ 
 
We can show you the we can share our screen.
我们可以给你展示，我们可以共享屏幕。
 
Yes, please, yeah.
是的，请，好的。
 
Play.
玩耍；播放；演奏等（“play”有多种释义，需结合具体语境确定最准确的意思） 。这里根据常见情况，可简单翻译为：玩耍 
 
I know.
我知道。
 
Come on.
来吧。
 
Linda could could you show your window? I there might be a limit of my for me, let me try.
琳达，你能打开窗户吗？对我来说可能有个限度，让我试试。
 
I can see the figure.
我能看到那个数字（或图形、人影等，需结合具体语境确定“figure”准确含义）。 
 
Yeah, you need to select the stigma in the files when it, when you speak there it will give you the window or the total desktop or something like that.
是的，当你说话时，你需要在文件中选择标记，它会为你提供窗口、整个桌面之类的显示。 
 
Oh, okay, you can see, I can see you very many times, but maybe not that.
哦，好的，你能看到，我也能多次看到你，但也许不是那样。
 
Yeah, for the Google me, the cool meeting only allows me to open my Chrome.
是的，对我来说，这个很棒的会议只允许我打开谷歌浏览器。 
 
I've made you Co host, so hopefully that changes what you can do.
我已经让你成为联席主持人了，所以希望这能改变你能做的事。
 
It's maybe a.
这可能是一个……
 
Within.
在……之内；在……里面
 
Maybe for a few seconds.
也许就几秒钟。
 
11.
11。
 
Okay.
好的。
 
Yep, yep.
是的，是的。
 
What you need to be mindful of is one of the mics from one of your screens needs to be turned off so that you don't get the double echo, yeah.
你需要注意的是，你其中一个屏幕上的一个麦克风需要关掉，这样就不会出现双重回音了，没错。
 
And we mapped out both universal disagreement pattern in walk me through this we used this universal discipline are.
我们还梳理出了普遍的分歧模式，给我详细讲讲，我们采用了这种普遍的准则。 
 
What type of of it will be and where it will be like the writing in this position, it has the real in the arbitration.
它会是哪种类型，会出现在哪里，就像在这个位置的文字一样，它在仲裁中是真实存在的。
 
See you later.
待会儿见。
 
And also AI safety in ways can, it can span over maybe several stages, but the critical, the most critical moment will be in the comparison.
此外，人工智能安全在某些方面可能会跨越几个阶段，但最关键的时刻将出现在对比阶段。 
 
Stage and the as she edge might be spent over the first several stages and most critical before the book is route lead to a reading stage, so we try to find the different types and also the position.
舞台以及她所处的边缘阶段可能会在最初的几个阶段中度过，并且在书籍进入阅读阶段之前这是最为关键的。所以我们试图找出不同的类型以及位置。 
 
To detect is for detect and then we.
探测就是探测，然后我们。
 
Oh, go out.
哦，出去。
 
From the universal one to the specific one.
从一般到具体。
 
Each child so the.
每个孩子都是如此。
 
Previous one is for detect and this one is for resolve, which means we can we can zoom into a more specific ankle like this one, so we choose AI as independent second grader and human led arbitration part.
前一个是用于检测的，这个是用于解决问题的，这意味着我们可以像这样更聚焦于一个更具体的方面，所以我们选择人工智能作为独立的二级评估者，由人类主导仲裁部分。 
 
Like this one.
比如这个。
 
You realize.
你意识到了。
 
We map for specific anchor, okay, cool.
我们为特定的锚点绘制地图，好的，很酷。
 
Yeah, moment is in the disagreement recognition part which judgment from human beings and objection might.
是啊，当下正处于分歧认知阶段，这需要人类进行判断，也可能会存在异议。 
 
Ever bond.
永远联结。
 
We go without.
我们没有也行。
 
That sentence.
那句话。
 
Yeah.
是的。
 
What then do you build out from that in terms of your thinking and your service? So what layers or what framing frameworks do you, do you need for your thing to start affecting that decision making moment within that specific intervention.
那么，从你的思考和服务角度出发，你要基于此构建什么呢？那么对于你的事情，在具体干预过程中开始影响决策时刻时，你需要哪些层面或何种框架呢？ 
 
Are we also that a detailed, like a general user journey and also service footprint to show.
我们是否也要展示一份详细的内容，比如通用的用户旅程以及服务覆盖范围。 
 
Something based on our anchor.
基于我们的锚点的某些东西。
 
Okay it a second of the model the service and the way in which it's operating a within a national health, you need to connect that to that moment and understand how that organization.
好的，在国家医疗体系中，涉及到模式、服务以及其运营方式等方面，你需要将其与那个时刻联系起来，并了解该组织的情况。 
 
Uh, works as an operation so that your intervention sits within, for example, it might be that they have a set of experts that review things or there's a policy or there's a protocol, or there's a set of training or there's things that.
呃，作为一种操作手段，这样你的干预措施就可以融入其中。例如，他们可能有一组专家来审查相关事务，或者有一项政策、一套协议，或者有一系列培训内容，或者有其他类似的事项。 
 
Are even in place already or that you're proposing to.
它们已经就位了，还是你打算让它们就位？
 
Rather than say that it's a brand new thing doing lots of brand new things, it's like, how does it integrate with what's already there or the way in which they kind of command and control or authority model works or their, um, kind of treat like a disagreement triage might work.
与其说这是一件全新的事情，要做很多全新的事情，不如说它是如何与现有的事物相融合，或者是他们那种指挥控制或权威模式是如何运作的，又或者是他们处理分歧的分类机制是如何发挥作用的。 
 
So this is that moment you move from the kind of abstract AI model to a more specific grounded um.
所以这就是你从那种抽象的人工智能模型过渡到更具体、更实际的……的时刻。 
 
Context, because it's not something that's new, it's something that's already existing within an organization, even though the AI component might be new. Does that make sense? Yeah.
背景信息，因为这并非新鲜事物，而是组织内部早已存在的东西，尽管人工智能这一元素可能是新的。这能理解吗？能。
 
You can follow you? Yeah, we're also trying to, um.
你能跟上你吗？是啊，我们也在试着。
 
Like another.
就像另一个。
 
Like this one, and yeah, I think it's more like what you say, because we're trying to understand the information flow and choose flow and people collaboration in this journeyny, so that we can join some new things in there.
像这样，是的，我认为这更像你所说的，因为我们正试图理解这次旅程中的信息流、选择流以及人员协作，这样我们就能在其中融入一些新的东西。
 
Ready system yeah effect effectively you have the system and its operation as it is, you have your actors, you have the information flows, you have the kind of hierarchy set up within the system and what you you need to demonstrate is where do fit, what are you leveraging in that system and how.
准备好系统，有效地发挥作用你有系统和它的运作，你有你的参与者，你有信息流，你有在系统内建立的等级制度你需要展示的是哪里适合，你在系统中利用了什么，以及如何利用。
 
Does it change?
它会改变吗？
 
Or um, reorganize or reroute that system so that your thing can operate successfully for example. So I think that's kind of the view this is definitely in the right direction. It's just that um.
或者，嗯，例如，对那个系统进行重组或重新规划路线，这样你的设备就能成功运行。所以我认为这种观点在一定程度上肯定是正确的方向，只是，嗯。 
 
Grounding your ideas in theory and the kind of practical reality of the system as it is that makes sense, which I think what is, is.
将你的想法建立在理论以及系统实际的现实基础之上是有意义的，我认为这就是事实。 
 
It's gonna be helpful for you to make it feel a more considered and more more executionally a viable, does that make sense.
这将有助于你让它显得更周全、在实际操作上更可行，你明白我的意思吗？
 
Hmm.
嗯。
 
And.
和；并且；然后
 
Awesome.
太棒了。
 
What else you want to.
你还想做什么。
 
Because I think one of one of the questions is going to be you have your user journey, you have your moments, you have your process protocol, and you have your logic around what that does and how's it work is effectively designing a process with people and moments within that process that.
因为我认为其中一个问题将会是，你有你的用户旅程，你有你的关键时刻，你有你的流程协议，并且你围绕着它的作用以及它如何运作有自己的逻辑，这实际上是在设计一个包含人员和关键时刻的流程。 
 
Certain things.
某些事情。
 
So you're really just then working through are you proposing a pilot? Are you proposing a kind of AI decision framework for any AI model can review and implement into their model, or the people operating radiologists can take this.
那么，实际上你是在探讨是否要进行一项试点项目吗？你是提议为所有人工智能模型建立一种人工智能决策框架，以便这些模型能够评估并将其应用到自身之中，还是供操作的放射科医生使用呢？ 
 
And train on it or take this and you need to use it as a workshop material for them to discuss their own experience based on their own AI model. So it's really for me it's understanding where you're going with the project and what the likely outcomes are gonna be so what you're.
然后进行培训，或者拿着这个作为研讨会材料让他们根据自己的人工智能模型讨论自己的经验。所以对我来说，真正重要的是了解项目的发展方向以及可能的结果是什么所以你是什么。
 
Facts what your materials at the end you proposing a kind of what's your service features if that makes sense? Yes. Have you thought about it? Yeah we we have thought about it and yeah we just want to show you we also make some like ecosystem map. We try to.
事实是你的材料最后你提出了一种你的服务特点是什么如果有意义的话？是。你想过吗？是的，我们已经考虑过了，我们只是想向你们展示我们也做了一些生态系统地图。我们在努力。
 
Reorganize it from the upward layer to the downward layer the first yeah well done. Yeah, yeah good good. This is this is what I mean. So I think you're already ticking the boxes just.
从上到下重新整理第一层，做得很好。是的，很好，很好。这就是这就是我的意思。所以我觉得你已经满足了。
 
Hence why I asked and hence why you've done it so well done. Yeah and so you do also want to share the persona we want to try to combine the human factor also consider of the personon so.
这就是我问的原因，也是你做得如此出色的原因。是的，所以你也想分享这个角色设定，我们想尝试结合人的因素，同时也考虑这个角色设定。 
 
Yeah.
是的。
 
A we the career on the work of the responsibility they have and there are lots of type of radiology and radiographer, and this is the uh in image journey and this is the.
他们承担着工作中的职业责任，放射学和放射技师有很多类型，这是影像检查流程，这就是…… 
 
Breast advanced traditional image reader journey, yeah, yes and redefines the what the human needs and what their, what they feel in the journey and also the problem and opportunity.
乳房先进传统影像读取之旅，没错，它重新定义了人类在这一旅程中的需求、感受，还有面临的问题和机遇。 
 
Yeah.
是的。
 
Yeah and we riding here okay do you only have one person phone or you have multiple personas? Multiple persona two yeah okay okay yeah yeah but this one need to change a okay and it's only.
是的，我们在这里，你只有一个人的电话，还是你有多个角色？多重角色二，好吧，好吧，好吧，但这一个需要改变一个，好吧，它只是。
 
Is viewing personas as radiologists, so there's no other persona types like the doctor and the kind of I AI engineer or anything else will not consider of we're not going to.
将人物角色视为放射科医生，所以不存在其他类型的人物角色，比如医生、人工智能工程师之类的，我们不会考虑这些。 
 
Of like the AI engineering because I think yeah yeah yeah, we mainly focus on the workflows, the journey of the the radiologist radiologist, so we want you to focus on that.
我喜欢人工智能工程，因为我觉得，没错没错没错，我们主要关注工作流程，也就是放射科医生的工作过程，所以我们希望你们关注这一点。 
 
Yeah, so there's radioli, there's the radiologist, is the role the individual in, but do they have managers for example, is there like a head radiologist, do they get involved in this process.
是的，有放射技士，也有放射科医生，这是个人所承担的角色，但比如说他们有管理人员吗，有没有像放射科主任这样的角色，他们会参与这个过程吗。
 
Better. Yeah. And they also have like this one, it's like a consultant breast radi radiographer. You're also trying to understand what's difference between the radiographers and radiologists. Yeah, yeah. Okay, cool.
好多了。是的。而且他们还有像这样一种职业，类似乳腺放射顾问技师。你也在试图弄清楚放射技师和放射科医生之间有什么区别。是的，是的。好的，不错。 
 
Me thinking that you've mapped the right personas you understand? Yeah, yeah, yeah okay because I think maybe it's a question also we consider of the different type of persona but I wanted to create like uh one is.
我在想你是否已经确定了合适的人物角色，你明白吗？是的，是的，是的，好吧，因为我觉得这可能也是一个我们要考虑不同类型人物角色的问题，但我想创造一个类似……的角色。 
 
Dyas junior another one is like a senior or consultant layer, so that maybe they will have some com between their you need to make demonstrate the fact there's a there's a hierarchy of experience, jermaine and I think that plays into your son.
小Dyas，另一个是高级或顾问层，所以他们之间可能会有一些共同点，你需要证明一个事实，经验是有等级的，杰梅因，我认为这对你儿子很有帮助。
 
Oreos as well. So I think that's a good distinction between radiologists is general, just general, and then somebody that's got more authority, more experience. I think that's a good separation, yes.
还有奥利奥。所以我认为这是一个很好的区别放射科医生是一般的，只是一般的，然后是更有权威，更有经验的人。我认为这是一个很好的分离，是的。
 
So, okay.
那么，好吧。
 
Are you showing the?
你在展示……吗？
 
The journey we I also want to share like all show the Jenny first yeah show.
这次旅程，我也想和大家分享，就像珍妮一开始展示的那样，耶，展示。 
 
Yeah, we mapped the user journey. This one is based on the AI pilot point, which means AI is in the use but not but without our design, so it's before our design, the current situation of the experiment with the pilot points, so.
是的，我们规划了用户旅程。这个是基于人工智能试点点的，这意味着人工智能正在被使用，但并非在我们设计之后，所以这是在我们设计之前，是试点点实验的当前情况，所以。 
 
Light like this one is a general stage like cases appear with images and read one is a human being and the second one AI as second reader.
像这样的灯光是一种常见的舞台效果，呈现出图像，一个是人类读者，另一个是作为第二位朗读者的人工智能。 
 
And then there will be a.
然后将会有一个……
 
Disagreement between them and it goes on to the arbitration part, but the result is override the AI has a right.
他们之间存在分歧，事情进入了仲裁阶段，但最终结果是AI有权推翻（该结果）。 
 
Judgment but human or human arbitration group just override the final result and.
但人类或人类仲裁小组的判断只是推翻了最终结果，并且……
 
Yeah HES a story of this one and it shows us we some like human concern in the both it's more, more about human part and the pain point is more might be more about the the system and the machine part yeah I think on this.
是的，这是一个故事，它向我们展示了我们对人类的关注，更多的是关于人类的部分，痛点更多的是关于系统和机器的部分，我认为是这样的。
 
It is a journey you've mapped against the pilot you've demonstr demonstrate key pain points or issue points IA disagreement or conflict or um.
这是一段你针对你所展示的范例规划的旅程，展示了关键痛点或问题点、意见分歧或冲突，嗯。 
 
Yeah, disagreement because effectively that's what your whole project is about. What you want to do is make sure you highlight.
是的，存在分歧，因为实际上这就是你整个项目的核心。你要做的是确保你进行重点强调。
 
Those levels of disagreement on what the impact of those disagreements create. So within this journey is really about demonstrating where things are't working and why then you focused on this idea of the disagreement moment.
这些分歧的程度以及这些分歧所产生的影响。因此，在这个过程中，你要展示出事情哪里出了问题，以及为什么你要关注分歧的时刻。
 
That's that's the only so you make sure you frame that within this journey explicitly wrote yeah so maybe we can use some color to highlight it. Yeah I think so it's just just call it out because what you're doing is setting up your this is the as is state and then you're talking about.
那那是唯一的办法，所以你要确保在这次过程中明确阐述这一点。是的，所以也许我们可以用一些颜色来突出它。是的，我也这么认为，就是要把它明确指出来，因为你正在做的是确定现状，然后再接着讨论。 
 
How you done and transformed based on your intervention and your framework and your, you know, your kind of service proposition? So I think you just need to make sure it's very clear what the issues are here and then a in the future scenario, in the future journey, how you resolve them. Yes.
你是如何根据你的干预措施、你的框架以及你的服务主张来完成工作并实现转变的呢？所以我认为你只需要确保明确这里存在的问题是什么，然后在未来的情景、未来的征程中，你将如何解决这些问题。是的。
 
Oh, so in this journey from the universal journey, also come throughes some like a two very typical type of disagreement scenario that mainly based on like the reader one, they may have like confidence.
哦，所以在这场普适性的旅程中，也会遇到两种非常典型的分歧场景，主要是基于读者的情况，他们可能会有自信。 
 
Between the machine and another one is more common, it's just happened in arbitration, so I think what we can decide is that we mainly focus on these two types of scenarios and decide exactly support this they really just, you're just clarifying where the.
机器与另一台机器之间的情况更为常见，这刚在仲裁中出现过，所以我认为我们能做的决定是，主要关注这两种场景，并确切判定是否支持它们，你只是在明确……的范围。 
 
The issues are in this moment, it needs to what you've transformed.
目前这些问题需要你去改变。
 
So, um, okay, cool.
那么，呃，好吧，挺酷的。
 
So this part, we also refrain our how might we and I think maybe this.
所以这部分，我们也克制着我们“如何可能”的想法，我想也许是这样。 
 
Version more consider like the human layer into it. So how can radiology be systemically supported when facing AI human disagreement after AI is introd, introduced you breast screening in order to reduce cognitive burden, accountability and society.
该版本更多地考虑了类似人类层面的因素。那么，在引入人工智能进行乳腺筛查以减轻认知负担、明确责任和回报社会后，当面对人工智能与人类的分歧时，放射学如何能获得系统性的支持呢？ 
 
And collaboration fiction while creating a decision making process that can traceable, renewable and governable more like this one yeah, yeah that's that's fine. It's clear and so based on our user journey map we also met her.
并且在创建一个可追溯、可更新且可管理的决策过程时进行协作设想，就像这样，是的，是的，这样挺好。很清晰，而且基于我们的用户旅程地图，我们也见到了她。 
 
Prototype of the service blueprint.
服务蓝图原型。
 
Yeah.
是的。
 
Um in this part are we related to separate two workflow because AI may be a reader one can read or maybe maybe reader one is blind so we also met to.
嗯，在这部分，我们是否要将两个工作流程分开呢？因为人工智能可能是一个阅读器，有人能阅读，或者也许阅读器的使用者是盲人，所以我们也需要…… 
 
Type of scenario in the reader one so this one yeah and.
读者一中的情景类型，所以这个，是的，还有。
 
This is what we're going to do. We also separate the radiology action and the arbitration action and like we just start with the cases enter green. We don't want you like focus on like a patient trying to q.
这就是我们要做的。我们还将放射科的行动和仲裁行动分开，就像我们先从绿色区域的病例开始处理一样。我们不希望你们只专注于某个试图排队的患者。 
 
The scanning moment basically, so this, yeah, okay, fine, it's post scanning free decision.
基本上就是扫描的那一刻，所以，嗯，好的，没问题，这是扫描后自由决定。 
 
So just be clear about that, yeah.
所以要把这点弄清楚，是的。
 
And this one is open the screen roll please and independent reading so maybe after they're independent reading, one scenario is that the radiology see the output they will check the a highlights spurred a suspicious area, a suspicious area and compare.
这个是打开屏幕的，请滚动，独立阅读也许在他们独立阅读之后，一个场景是放射科医生看到输出他们会检查a，突出显示可疑区域，可疑区域，然后比较。
 
The judgment with AI suggestion and decide whether to agree or over read.
结合人工智能的建议进行判断，并决定是同意还是进一步研读。
 
Maybe, maybe.
也许吧，也许吧。
 
In this area, they need to write down some reason.
在这个领域，他们需要写下一些理由。
 
Oh, so.
哦，这样啊。
 
They also like need to some form stage and backstage support like the AI. A question for me is, is this blueprint demonstrating your service intervention? Yeah.
他们似乎也需要某种形式的台前和后台支持，就像人工智能那样。我想问的一个问题是，这份蓝图是否展示了你们的服务介入情况？是的。
 
Yeah, okay, like the future.
是的，好的，就像未来一样。
 
Oh, okay, so you explain to me what the service intervention is because it's not clear at the moment.
哦，好的，那么你给我解释一下什么是服务干预，因为目前还不清楚。
 
So the service is that we want to maybe.
所以我们可能想要的服务是…… 
 
Sure.
当然。
 
Can we show, um, because we we want to show like some dashboard to make the radiology clear enough the what? AI.
我们能不能展示，嗯，因为我们想展示一些仪表盘，让放射影像足够清晰，什么？人工智能。
 
Um mach mechan and this is you your solution is a software solution it's just not a basic one, just we want to combine all the different touch points together and yeah okay so that's so dashboard one touch point but you're gonna have.
嗯，马赫机械，这是你的解决方案，你的解决方案是一个软件解决方案，它可不是基础的那种。我们只是想把所有不同的接触点整合在一起，嗯，好的，那么那个仪表板是一个接触点，但你会有…… 
 
Training or yeah, workshops or like I think it needs to extend beyond just the dashboard screen is a personally I think you need to, there's a fundamental notion of a disagreement which is negotiation and understanding and you have to work through that's a people problem, right.
培训，研讨会，我认为它需要超越仪表盘屏幕，我个人认为你需要，有一个分歧的基本概念是谈判和理解，你必须解决这是一个人的问题，对吧。
 
So you need to make sure that you're demonstrating how you're solving a people problem just as much as a technology problem.
所以你需要确保你不仅展示了如何解决技术问题，也展示了如何解决人员问题。 
 
And I think a, that a dashboard is again, it's a signaling in the interface, a signal from the system, but it's warm.
而且我认为，仪表盘再次成为了界面中的一种信号，一种来自系统的信号，不过它给人一种温暖的感觉。 
 
Is so because it's, as soon as you put software in front of people you've got the same issue which is, is it trusted, is it doing the right thing, is it, has it got the correct data, is it, you know, so as a decision surface, as a disagreement surface, which is effectively what it is, I think we.
之所以如此，是因为一旦你把软件呈现在人们面前，就会遇到同样的问题，即它是否可信，是否在做正确的事情，是否拥有正确的数据，你知道的，作为一个决策界面，或者说一个可能产生分歧的界面，实际上就是这么回事，我认为我们…… 
 
To think about how you extend your service idea position of disagreement, arbitration and think about the ways in which other touch points play into it and what you might propose as a, as a package that supports the decision making moment radiologists not.
思考一下如何拓展你在服务理念方面存在分歧的立场，考虑仲裁事宜，思考其他接触点在其中所起的作用，并思考你可以提出怎样一个一揽子方案来支持放射科医生做决策。 
 
Just another interface, it's a dashboard, so I'm not sure you're thinking that way, but I just want explicit that you should think is slightly broader than just the dashboard interface.
只是另一个界面，这是一个仪表盘界面，所以我不确定你是否是这么想的，但我想明确指出，你应该考虑得更全面些，而不仅仅局限于仪表盘界面。 
 
And we also like want to combine like learning loop into the digital system, maybe rather than a dashboard, maybe a digital system is more, it's more like maybe learning library, which means it can collect the previous disagreement.
并且我们也想将学习循环整合到数字系统中，也许不是仪表盘，也许数字系统更像是一个学习库，这意味着它可以收集之前的分歧意见。
 
With different types with different directions and with different stat into a library which can, can a library of war because then what you've got to ask is how that person consuming that information is it a structured guided thing is it.
将不同类型、不同方向和不同状态的内容整合到一个库中，这个库可能会变成一个“战争库”，因为接下来你必须要问的是，那个接收信息的人，这是一种结构化、有引导性的事情吗，是不是呢。 
 
In a coffee break when they've got five minutes, is it mandatory that they review it? It's like if there's a library of content and its purpose is for education, that's different than purposeful like case auditing and AI learning, so I think he's got to be clear on and do not need.
当他们有五分钟的休息时间时，他们必须复习吗？就像如果有一个内容库，它的目的是为了教育，这与有目的的案例审计和人工智能学习不同，所以我认为他必须清楚，不需要。
 
Sight of the human relationship, our dynamic experience dynamic.
从人际关系的角度来看，我们的动态体验充满活力。
 
Negotiation, disagreement, dynamic that you're trying to resolve rather than putting interfaces in the way, make sure you're working through human solutions as much as system and technology solutions. Yeah, I think that's it's critical because.
谈判、分歧，这是你试图解决的动态问题，而不是设置障碍，要确保你尽可能通过人力解决方案以及系统和技术解决方案来处理问题。是的，我认为这很关键，因为。 
 
Otherwise.
否则；另外；在其他方面
 
Um, software can be ignored and.
嗯，软件可以被忽略并且。
 
You just adding more software into a software situation with what you really need to do is make sure that you're balancing out the disagreement, arbitration dynamics what's your model of learning, what's your model of of um.
你只是在软件问题上增加更多软件，而你真正需要做的是确保你能平衡分歧、仲裁动态。你的学习模式是什么，你的……模式是什么。 
 
Role playing or not role playing or reviewing and and assessment like I think you need to consider these things as well. Um, beyond the dashboard. Dashboard is a point of reference but it feels like you your your service if it's about piloting, piloting is all about learning application.
角色扮演，或者不是角色扮演，或者回顾和评估，我认为你们也需要考虑这些事情。嗯，在仪表盘后面。仪表盘是一个参考点，但感觉你的服务是关于导航的，导航是关于学习应用的。
 
Execution, feasible, viable learning within a live environment. So consider how you might support that with the things that your service opposition can or might do. Yeah.
在实际环境中进行执行、可行性和实用性学习。那么思考一下，你如何利用你的服务对手能够或可能做到的事情来支持这一点。是的。
 
That's my recommendation so that you just don't end up with a dashboard as your solution.
这是我的建议，这样你就不会最终只得到一个仪表盘作为解决方案。
 
Um.
嗯。
 
Is that clear? Do you understand what I'm trying to say? Yeah.
清楚了吗？你明白我想说什么吗？是的。
 
Yeah, because you focused in on the human insight piece, which is the most valuable piece.
是的，因为你专注于对人性的洞察，这是最有价值的部分。
 
Don't lose sight of the fact that that was your core insight and as much as you have a technology enablement, it should be people to people as well.
不要忽视这样一个事实，即那是你的核心见解，而且尽管你拥有技术赋能，但也应该是人与人之间的交流。 
 
Yeah, can we do like a, um, like, um, and we we wait, uh, like there are a pro process of them for the radiology.
是的，我们能不能，嗯，就是说，嗯，我们先等一下，呃，就像他们有一个放射检查的流程那样。 
 
And um, maybe and this way they will AI will change readers opinion and this way is arbitration and may change by AI and read one.
嗯，也许通过这种方式，人工智能会改变读者的看法，这种方式就是仲裁，并且可能会由人工智能来改变，然后读一篇。 
 
Um, um, we can do a record at each part, like a ticket with them and it will record each other and after the first, after the client first.
嗯，嗯，我们可以在每个部分做一个记录，就像一张票据，它会记录彼此，在第一次之后，在客户之后。
 
Eight, they will do a like ultrasound like father a check about their body and the this process will have an answer of if they got cancer or not.
第八，他们会进行类似超声波那样的身体检查，通过这个过程就能知道他们是否患了癌症。 
 
So this is the correct answer.
所以这就是正确答案。
 
And we also need to record that and then um, this will come back. I think there's two things that you need to consider. What's the learning loop of your system for the humans.
而且我们还需要记录下来，然后，嗯，这个问题以后还会再出现。我认为有两件事你需要考虑。对于人类而言，你们系统的学习循环是怎样的。
 
Right? So how DOI understand and learn and improve and get better? How DOI, how DOI negotiate disagreements in a way that creates a correct reading positive outcome, IE the correct outcome it isn't about.
对吧?那么DOI如何理解、学习、改进并变得更好呢？DOI， DOI如何协商分歧以创造一个正确的阅读积极的结果，即正确的结果，它不是关于。
 
Extending it into more.
把它扩展得更多。
 
Extended processes, it's really about how do people learn and apply that learning to improve the breathing, to reduce disagreements, to get to the right result? I think that's the question you're trying to answer.
扩展过程，关键在于人们如何学习，并将所学应用于改善沟通、减少分歧、达成正确的结果。我认为这就是你试图解答的问题。 
 
So that how do you do that with your service is again the question that you ask, you need to answer that question of how do we support radio is continue how might we, how do we support radiologists with.
所以你如何在你的服务中做到这一点又是你要问的问题，你需要回答这个问题我们如何继续支持广播我们如何可能，我们如何支持放射科医生。
 
You know, authority and knowledge and less cognitive load and all of these things.
你知道的，权威、知识以及较低的认知负荷，还有诸如此类的东西。
 
I think your service proposition is led the software solution, but there's also people solution and I think you need to think about how that gets surfaced in your experience and your blueprint, so I don't think the answer, the answer is process driven but it's like is it work, is it tool.
我认为你们的服务主张是以软件解决方案为主导的，但也有人力解决方案。我觉得你们需要思考如何在你们的实践和蓝图中体现这一点。所以我认为答案并非如此，答案不是以流程为驱动，而是要思考它是否有效、是否是合适的工具。 
 
Who is it video learning? Is it something else? What's appropriate for disagreement intervention and what's appropriate for first read reading and what's appropriate for adjudication or, um, you know, um, arbitration.
谁是视频学习？是别的原因吗？什么适合于分歧干预什么适合于初读阅读什么适合于裁决或者，嗯，你知道，嗯，仲裁。
 
And it might be that you focus on the arbitration and demonstrate what that looks like, so it might be protocols and ways to interact and have healthy disagreement as opposed to argument and.
而且可能你会专注于仲裁，并展示其具体情况，所以可能会涉及相关协议以及互动方式，还有如何进行健康的分歧讨论而非争吵。 
 
You know, dissolution. So just think you need to think about these things a little bit that make sense? Yes, yes.
你知道的，解体。那么你是不是该稍微思考一下这些有意义的事情呢？是的，是的。
 
It feels like that part of it's not present right now.
感觉现在那部分内容还没出现。
 
And, and it feels like there's an expectation that you would have something that solves that, so that you've answered your question that's in the how might we.
而且，感觉大家期望你能有解决办法，这样你就能回答“我们该如何……”这类问题了。 
 
Yeah, so after the record, um, the.
是的，所以在录制之后，嗯，那个。
 
The we can do a learning workshop? Yeah, I think think about ways in which you.
那么我们可以举办一个学习研讨会吗？是的，我觉得你可以想想办法。
 
Understand the conflict or where disagreement happens and then how do you resolve disagreement? Right? This system.
了解冲突所在或产生分歧的地方，然后思考如何解决分歧，对吧？就是这样一套体系。 
 
People, there's process, there's touch points, there's either look at different yes, I just think you need that shape of how do you resolve a disagreement and it might be through the workshop, the toolkit, the other thing, the learnings.
人们，有过程，有接触点，要么看不同的是的，我只是认为你需要如何解决分歧的形式它可能是通过研讨会，工具包，其他的东西，学习。
 
Experience and how does that learning go back into the system so that you improve everybody's a ability to make the right decision.
经验以及这种学习如何反馈到系统中，从而提高每个人做出正确决策的能力。
 
Yeah.
是的。
 
Does that make sense?
这说得通吗？
 
Yeah, everything else you're doing is really good, really thorough it really thoughtful. I just think you're not dialing up.
是的，你做的其他方面真的很棒，非常全面，也很周到。我只是觉得你还不够投入。 
 
The the human side of that and you're not addressing the disagreement dynamics a strong strong strongly enough.
事情的人性一面，而你没有足够有力地处理分歧态势。
 
Okay.
好的。
 
Yes? Um, can we just, um, have a simple prototype? Because.
是吗？嗯，我们能不能做一个简单的原型呢？因为……
 
A nice week, next Tuesday we gonna have a meeting with this western radiologist who is already use AI in their workflow so maybe I'm thinking about, tell me, is Tuesday coming? Yeah, next Tuesday.
美好的一周，下周二我们要和这位已经在工作流程中使用人工智能的西方放射科医生开个会。所以我在想，告诉我，快到周二了吗？是的，下周二。 
 
Yeah, yeah. Oh, so we're gonna want to make the prototype this weekend, and can we send on the morning email you and could you give us some feedback before we do some tests? Yeah, just do that, that's fine, but also use it as an opportunity to test some ideas that you're thinking about as well.
是的,是的。哦，所以我们想在这个周末制作原型，我们能在早上给你发邮件吗？在我们做测试之前，你能给我们一些反馈吗？是的，就这样做，这很好，但也把它作为一个机会来测试你正在考虑的一些想法。
 
I mean, like there's the cool prototype stuff to say, hey, would, how would you want disagreement resolved? Would you want to be one of your workshop? Would you want to do learning? Or I mean, like help them, help you think about the ways in which you can dial up the human side of things as much as the.
我的意思是，就像有很酷的原型说，嘿，你希望如何解决分歧？你想成为你工作室的一员吗？你想学习吗？或者我的意思是，帮助他们，帮助你思考如何把人性的一面发挥出来。
 
Side of things, yeah.
事情的方面，是的。
 
Yes. Okay, yeah. So send what you need to and I'll respond uh, when I can. Okay? Yeah, sure. Thank you all. Good luck! Good luck today! Bye! Thank you! Thank you for your time. Thank you.
是的。好的，没错。所以把你需要的东西发过来，我会尽快回复。可以吗？当然可以。谢谢大家。祝你们好运！祝你们今天好运！再见！谢谢！感谢你们抽出时间。谢谢。 
 
So is that true?
那么这是真的吗？
 
Passion.
激情；热情；酷爱；盛怒
 
Stop.
停止。
 
I got no woman.
我没有女朋友。
 
Women studios.
女性工作室。
 
oh
哦
